== Simplicity Project

== Introduction
  In the quest of finding some of the answers on the learning process, i have had to face one big and common problem: "trying to
  understand in simple terms the documentation corresponding to a specific matter". There are lots of great and intersesting articles
  out there but all of them, or at least a in great percent, present one common trouble; most of people can't get rid of them just because
  the articles are expressed in a too scientific way, even verbose i would say. And this is sad because, the real world has shown us that
  those ones are the greatest-ideas inspirators which is good but, i'd rather go beyond and let mortals learn a bit more from all these
  knowledge human's stores perhaps just for let them to become some day in the last ones.

My goal is oriented to get the people, any people, to understand in some way the main ideas expressed in an article no matter its
complexity, whether they are expert in the matter or they are just newbies, i've just come up with the idea that we could have levels
of translations in order to simplify the learning process.
y vision
- Having a service that offers a solution to this basic problem.
- Gather the people in orther they share the knowledge through the above mentioned tool.
- Not a centralized but common area of information interchange no matter the knowledge category, all areas are welcome.

The Project
  At a first glance i am thinking in an API that provides a certain number of functionalities that accomplish the given requisites, still
  the cases of use are up to define, but something is sure, that an application based on an API offers the advantage of being able to
  work as the server of any interface, whether is a web site, a mobile application or even an external API or WebService.
  The idea is providing a space of translating into a simple language frame any article in the internet, the users make the translation
  requests and these requests are rated in order to have a ranking of the most required documents. An article can have any number of
  translations and also translations can be rated so users can go straight to the clearest information.
  Basically we have requestes, translations and articles. An user makes a translation request of an article, provides either a link to the
  article or the content or the article it self, this request will remain pending as long as no body perform a translation on it, in fact a request will always remain pending since it accepts any number of translations, that's why the best would be that it'd accept states
  which could be "empty" and "translated", that way find room for diversity of translations in the system.



